Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh!
Nicky?
Is everything OK?
It's raining ash. Seb.
It's like an omen or something.
It's just someone burning
the sugarcane for the harvest.
People do it around here
all the time.
Oh.
OK. Yeah. sorry.
I guess I'm just tired.
Baby...
I know it's been hard
since Dani died.
These have also been
the worst two years of my life.
I know.
I just--
I just need you to be strong
for a few days.
I need to be there for my mom.
'cause I'm the one that left.
I left them alone. and now--
Hey. you don't have
to worry about me.
I promise. I'm here for you.
- Love you.
- I love you.
Mama.
Ay. mijo.
Isabel.
Vicente was an amazing man.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
At least you finally came down.
Chano.
Gracias. Petra.
Thank you.
My boss. he only
gave me five days off.
Two vets left the clinic.
and we're just swamped.
Mom.
English.
Don't. It's OK.
Isabel. I wish that
my parents spoke Spanish to me.
Now that we're
spending time together.
maybe you could teach me.
Why work for someone there
when you can be in charge here?
Most people dream
of having a place like this.
And Venezuela is better now.
We think it's best
if you come live with us.
I can't believe it.
Throw away the land
that has been in our family
for 150 years?
No. we're not
gonna throw it away.
I'm going to help you sell it.
This is my home.
You can find
a nice home in Austin. Texas.
with a big backyard.
Why would I want a backyard
when I have
thousands of hectares?
You can travel the world.
You can do whatever you want.
But the thing is.
we have to move fast
if we want to get a good price.
Not with squatters
on the property.
What do you mean. squatters?
They're Marialionceros.
They started doing ceremonies
by the river.
They even built a bridge
and took over the mountain.
What are Marialionceros?
It's just a cult
that believes spirits
will come
and solve their problems.
A cult?
It's pretty common
around here.
Even the president
is a Marialioncero.
-Mm.
-It's bullshit.
But they can't move here.
I mean. can't you
just evict them?
We tried.
but the government
demanded a bribe.
You know how your father was.
He would never.
He thought he could handle it.
but...
he never got a chance.
What's happening?
Two and a half decades
of socialism.
Chano.
Mm.
Missing your papa. huh?
Yeah. I hate to tell you.
It doesn't get any easier.
Can I have a dog?
OK. a dog?
You'll get a stuffed dog.
because I cannot take care
of another living creature.
Mom. look
what I made for Grandpa.
Oh. oh. this is so beautiful.
It looks like you spent
a lot of time on it.
No wonder you're not asleep.
Oh. goodness.
Well. Abuelo is giving her
a real horse for her birthday.
so she said.
I don't want Abuelo
to feel lonely
when he arrives tomorrow.
so I'm making a horse for him.
- A horse?
- Mom. you're still recording.
OK. but just--but just--
Chano!
Petra!
What are you doing?
Go back.
You're not safe here.
Why?
Go back.
Petra.
Chano!
Chano?
Chano.
Chano!
Good morning. Petra.
Hey. have you seen Chano?
Last night with you.
Well. yeah. but he ran
after a whistle in the field.
and then he never came out.
It's weird he hasn't
come back to eat. right?
He'll come back
when he gets hungry.
OK. so if you see him.
let me know. all right?
Hmm.
I warned Vicente to stay away
from that witchcraft.
No one ever listens to me.
Isabel. I--
I don't want you
to feel like
you're being rushed
into something
that you're not ready for.
No matter how hard it got.
we held on to this place--
for Sebastian.
for your children.
We don't have any children.
For now.
If you keep waiting.
it will be too late.
I don't want another child.
I'm sorry.
I know.
Chano!
God.
Come on.
Chano!
Mommy?
I see you.
Oh. shit.
Nicky!
-You OK?
-Yeah.
Yeah.
You are so lucky. Nicole.
We are three hours
from the nearest hospital.
You saw what happened
to Vicente.
I know.
I'm sorry.
That's Dad's spot.
You're the man
of the house now.
Yeah. not quite ready
for that.
Your dad would have been
so happy watching you work here.
Yeah. well. I'm a bit rusty.
Mm. takes time.
Did you know
we're missing cattle?
I think they were stolen.
What do you mean?
Squatters.
They took our land.
They've been stealing
our power.
Makes sense they would also
take our cattle. right?
Maybe it was a worker.
Our workers are like family.
What if the squatters
had something to do with Dad?
You really think that?
Of course not.
I'm just saying.
we don't know
how dangerous
these people really are.
Hi. Petra.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
And I'm sorry to ask you this.
but are you a Marialioncero?
The seeds you put
on Vicente's eyes.
figures you burn at night
but hide during the day.
what does it all mean?
Please.
I really need to know.
Thank you.
Who is María Lionza?
She's our queen.
Is she like God?
God left us.
María Lionza is the one
who watches us.
She protects us all. even you.
God left me too.
We were all so
sad about Dani.
I heard her today.
I saw a ceremony by the river.
You shouldn't go there.
She talked to me. Petra.
I heard her.
I need them to do
another ceremony.
Can you talk to them?
Those people are dangerous.
Then you do a ceremony.
- No. I can't.
- Why not?
There's an evil spirit loose.
There cannot be ceremonies
right now.
What kind of evil spirit?
The Whistler.
You heard him
the night Chano disappeared.
If you hear him again.
be careful.
The further you hear him.
the closer he is.
Here.
What is this?
Protection.
Once you go to ceremony.
doors start to open.
There's evil out there.
Stay home.
What are you
still doing here?
There's just
so much to do. hon.
What's that?
Petra gave it to me.
It's for protección.
Petra?
Well. I'm sure
Petra means well.
But all that María Lionza shit
is snake oil.
OK?
I've seen it before.
They sell you false hope
and then they--
they take away
everything you have for it.
Well. I'm not
drinking the Kool-Aid.
But what if there's
something there?
Something like what?
OK. so don't think I'm crazy.
I think Dani's
trying to reach me.
I can't go there right now.
Babe.
I need you.
I need you here with me.
I don't know how to do
this without you.
Love you.
Hola?
I just want to talk.
Are you here to run us out?
'Cause we ain't leaving.
No.
No. nothing like that.
I--I need a ceremony.
They can't do ceremonies now.
Please. I need
to talk to my daughter.
He wants to help you.
But Timty.
our medium. is gone.
The Whistler is out there.
The funeral that you saw.
that was the Whistler.
He killed him.
And if they do a ceremony.
he could possess another body.
Isn't there--I don't--
another way
that we can do it?
I could pay whatever it costs.
Don't feel the pain.
The faster you accept it.
the faster you get over it.
I can't accept.
See. my daughter. Dani.
she hated going to school.
And that morning.
she said she was sick.
and I didn't believe her.
and so I forced her to go.
Later that day.
the school called me
and said she had a fever.
and you know what I did?
I sent the babysitter.
and they crashed.
My daughter died
scared and alone
and angry with me.
Please.
Please. please
tell him something.
OK.
- Yo.
- Hi.
You know there is another way
I can help you. right?
How?
8.000 and nothing less.
Can you guarantee me
it'll work?
Of course.
You didn't see my daughter
at the ceremony?
She's got the gift.
I'll find the money.
All right.
Be here tomorrow at 3:00.
Make sure to bring something
that belonged to your daughter.
and come alone.
No one can know
we're doing this.
OK.
Hey. babe.
Hey.
Sorry I went out again.
I just--I'm still
looking for Chano.
I found him.
What. he came back?
Nope.
Where is he?
I'll show you.
Babe. this might have been
the squatters.
so no more riding off.
I need you to stay put. OK?
When were you planning
on telling me?
Tell you what?
How they found my dad.
What are you talking about?
They found my dad
with his insides ripped out.
Just like you saw Chano today.
Did you expect me to tell you
that your father was
eaten by some animal?
My father was not eaten
by some animal.
He was murdered.
And you kept it from us
because you knew
that if you told us.
we would never
let you stay here.
You don't know
that's the truth.
Sebastian. you thought
they stole the cows.
and then you found them.
All of them.
And what about Chano?
Mama. is there anything else
you're hiding from me?
How dare you question me.
Sebastian.
when you left us alone?
We sent you to study. and you
were supposed to come back.
We were suffering in a country
that was falling apart.
No electricity. no gasoline.
not even medicine.
I told you many times.
I told you both
that you could leave
and you can come with me.
This was our home!
Your father took it all
upon himself. day by day.
And yet only his death
could drag you back here.
Why would
the squatters kill Chano?
This is not the squatters.
Long ago. there was a boy.
He loved to hunt.
He was a natural.
The boy came up with a way
to fool his prey--whistling.
But he had a dark heart.
One night on a hunt. his father
caught him torturing his dog
and beat him.
The next day.
he came back alone
and brought meat home
for his mother to cook.
When she asked him
about his father.
the boy didn't answer.
Then the town found his father
hanging from a tree
with his guts sliced open.
That's when she knew she had
cooked her husband's insides.
They hung the boy
to the same tree
where he tortured his father
and caused him to suffer
until he repented.
but he never did.
They beat him.
but he didn't cry.
They set him on fire.
but he never screamed.
As they watched him burn.
he just whistled.
Since then. his spirit
is always looking for a body
so he can keep hunting.
How is he back?
The squatters.
They did a ceremony
to invoke him
so they could run us out.
We are not safe here.
not until he's gone.
-Hi.
Hola.
Mi papa sent me.
Oh.
Oh. you speak English?
Yes.
Mi dad teach me.
And I have to practice.
because we go
to the United States tomorrow.
-Tomorrow?
-Yes.
Mi mama left already.
and we go meet her.
Oh. is that your mom?
She's so beautiful.
She's the best....
She teach me everything.
Can I ask you. where does
the blood come from?
From Hapitz.
What do you feel when you have
the spirit inside you?
I don't know.
The spirit does everything.
I don't remember anything.
Have you ever had
a bad spirit?
No.
I only do it two times.
Today my third.
Two times?
But it's OK.
Did you bring the money?
Yeah.
Where is the rest?
You'll get it at the end.
Come on.
I'm risking
my daughter's life for you.
You got it. right?
OK. well. how do I know
I can trust you?
Listen. Greisy's mother
was pissed about living here.
so she left to the United States
without saying anything.
I need to find her for Greisy.
You get to talk
to your daughter.
and I'll get mine
a better life.
Come on.
Hmm?
Go inside.
Careful your head.
- OK.
- All right.
You have to be open.
Aroa?
Did you bring something
that belonged to your daughter?
Yeah.
Come on. More smoke over here.
Please don't burn that.
We have to call the spirit.
No. what are you doing?
We're gonna have
to force the spirit to come.
But she said the spirit
brings the blood.
Yeah. but we don't have
enough time for that.
Ah. don't touch.
Dani?
Mommy?
Hey. bud.
How are you. Mommy?
I missed you so much.
Mama.
Something's wrong.
What's happening?
Honey. are you OK?
Greisy?
Dani?
Greisy.
-Greisy?
-Where is she?
Greisy!
Where is she?
Is that it?
It's leaving.
Where's Nicole?
If she comes--
Stop!
Stop. stop. stop!
Go back home.
-We're at war.
-You have to go back.
They attacked us again.
This time. they killed Aroa.
No. it wasn't them.
It was the Whistler.
Oh. for fuck's sake.
No. I saw--I saw it possess
a girl and kill Laureano.
Who the fuck is Laureano?
He was helping me do a ceremony
so I could talk to Dani.
Stop!
You invoked my daughter
in some bullshit ceremony
with the people
that killed my father?
I needed to talk to her.
Dani is dead!
Deal with it!
But I talked to her.
It's always about you. right?
No. it's not about me.
Go!
- It's not about me!
- Let's go!
Sebastian!
No. wait!
You can't go!
Dario. please.
Please. stop!
Fuck!
Isabel!
Oh. my God.
What happened?
Listen. we're in danger.
I can't believe
they killed Aroa.
-No.
-We have to prepare.
No. it's not the squatters.
It's the Whistler.
That's a legend. Nicole.
No. I saw it take over
a body and kill a man.
Please.
Honey. you're not
making any sense.
Listen to me.
It's real. and it's my fault.
No. no. no. no. no.
Sit down.
I wanted to communicate
with Dani. so I did a ceremony.
And I know this is gonna
sound crazy. but it worked.
I heard her voice.
and then something happened.
There was a whistle.
and then everything went wrong.
You can't keep
punishing yourself.
You were a good mom.
No. you're not
listening to me.
I am.
If I lost Sebastian...
No.
I don't know
what I would have done.
But life is not
what you should have done.
It's--it's about
how you keep living.
You have to fight
for your family.
Uh-huh.
Come on.
It's gonna be OK.
We need to get
Sebastian and everybody else
out of the farm.
Get out!
Go. go. go.
- Get out!
- Go. go. go. go.
Go.
Go. go. go.
Oh. fuck.
Every single time they burn
the cane. the animals go crazy.
We have squatters
inside the house.
No. no. no. no. no.
It's the Whistler.
We have to go towards it.
Come on.
There's--there's a gun
in the safe.
No. no. no.
It's OK.
Shh. Go. go. go.
We'll go this way.
Go this way.
Hold that.
OK.
OK. it's OK.
Let's go.
Get in the car!
- What is that?
- Get in!
Run!
Isabel?
Hey.
Hey. Hey. Dario.
Petra!
Petra?
Put it back.
Why do you have this?
It's to protect your family.
Stop lying.
Vicente.
He couldn't make
the squatters leave.
He just wanted to scare them.
He asked me for help.
You summoned the Whistler.
It was wrong. but it's over.
I burned the body.
We are safe.
The Whistler cannot live
without a body.
- What body?
- The squatter.
Was it a girl?
Was it Greisy?
A woman.
Timty.
You killed her mother?
Oh. my God.
I did a ceremony
trying to reach Dani.
and I think it took over
that girl's body.
It's all my fault.
All right.
There has to be
something that we can do.
Petra. please get up!
Please help me.
We have to kill
the body it's in.
No. her mother and father
are dead because of us.
We cannot kill Greisy.
Oh. God.
She's just a kid.
We have to kill the body.
or he will kill us.
What if--what if we
offer it a new body.
like we did earlier with Greisy.
Who?
My body.
- No. no. no.
- Yes. please.
- Please. Petra. please.
It's my fault she's possessed.
Once he takes your body.
he will make you do
the most horrible things
you can imagine.
Then you'll have to kill me.
You will lose your soul.
My soul died when Dani died.
He will try to trick us.
Stick to the plan
no matter what happens.
What if he doesn't come?
As soon as the fire
touches the knife.
he'll do everything
to get it back.
Are you ready?
Repeat after me.
Keep saying.
What are you doing?
We have to end it now.
Oh!
Petra!
Nicky!
Move.
No. Seb. don't shoot!
That thing killed Dario
and my mother.
Seb. please trust me.
I can save her.
I can
save her.
She's just a girl.
Nicky!
What are you doing?
Nicole. babe.
Open the door.
I believe in you.
We can fix this.
We can fix this together.
Please. no.
No. what are you doing?
What are you doing? No!
No. no. no. no!
- Sorry.
- No!
No. please don't do that!
Please--please don't.
Nicky!
Nicky. no!
Please don't. babe. Wait!
No!
No! No!
Nicky! Nicky!
Nicky!
OK.
Nicky.
Nicky. come on.
Come on. babe.
I can't do this without you.
Come on.
Come on. please.
Come on. baby.
Come on.
Come on. Nicky.
Howdy. Mom.
Dani.
Don't be sad.
Oh. Hi.
I missed you so much.
I missed you too.
Please. please don't be sad.
I'm not sad.
These are happy tears.
See?
I'm so sorry I didn't
pick you up from school.
I'm so sorry.
I'm not mad.
Really?
Why would I be mad at you?
You're my mother.
I love you.
I love you. too. so much.
So much.
Now take care
of Papa. OK?
I'm here.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Hey.
OK. I know arepas
are the shit here.
but wait till they try
my burritos.
You make a mean burrito.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm